and simply saying smart interaction
means three things yeah
voice control motion control and face
recognition with the three basic
functionalities a lot of user scenarios
possible so let me show you from the
very beginning the very basic function
which is called voice control hi TV pull
him up pull him up pull him down channel
up
channel our channel down and one more
thing
channel number channel 11 as your
initial you can go directly to your
favorite TV channel and let me
demonstrate motion control they may do
the same task by motion control okay so
each half sensor yeah to take tap yep
you are is a camera yeah other
to decide is it a microphone mic yeah
and inside there's some microchips so
it's a whole one well organized one
button okay so if you use it motion
control the first step is a tour um to
the camera and move it gently like that
and then you can move the cursor as you
want it's much like when you use it
Mouse so just between you and the TV oh
yeah yeah that's very sharp and very
good question okay anyway young channel
and volume also continues through the
years
and you can control their channel in
that very same way and to answer your
couch and recommend the maximum distance
is a four meter